NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/avail-summary.adoc

* Number of outages
* Mean Time To Repair ("MTTR") (in hours)
* Length of time for each outage (in hours)
* Percent outage (per unit in category)
* Percent availability (per unit in category)

This report has a pie chart showing percent available time to outage time.
It then provides a stacked bar chart showing the available time and the outage time for each day in the specified date range. 
The report then lists the top 25 nodes based on downtime and their respective and downtime percentages.

You can customize the report with a company logo (approximately 195px by 50px) in the header and footer.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3"]

|===
| Field
| Description
| Default

| Surveillance Category
| Identify one or more surveillance categories to include in the report.
To select multiple categories use wildcards as described below.
If no categories match the entered string, the report will have no data.
| %

| Time Range in Days
| The range in days from the report start date.
| 7

| Start Date
| The starting date for the data contained in this report.
| 7 days before today

|===

include::standard-text-fields.adoc[]

> include::standard.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[[avail-summary-report]]
= Availability Summary Report (Default Configuration for Past 7 Days)

> === Report Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Report Contents
```

This report provides a summary of availability across one or more surveillance categories.  One page report with average, minimum and maximum values for the following availability data for the specified surveillance category over the specified date range:

* Number of Outages
* Mean Time To Restore ("MTTR") (in hours)
* Length of Time for Each Outage (in hours)
* Percent Outage (per unit in category)
* Percent Availability (per unit in category)
//QUESTION: Need to validate explanation of the last two

This report has a pie chart showing percent available time to outage time.  It can be customized with a company logo in the header that is approximately 195px by 50px.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Surveillance Category
| String

> | Identify the category of data for this availability report. Standard values include: "Routers", "Switches", "Servers", "Production", "Test" and "Development".  Users can add custom categories. If no categories match the entered string, the report will have not data.

Author: I am fine with the change.  In 32 we should change "will have not data" to "will not have data". I wasn't sure how to do this.

> | Identify the category of data for this availability report. Standard values include: "Routers", "Switches", "Servers", "Production", "Test" and "Development".  Users can add custom categories. If no categories match the entered string, the report will have not data.

Reviewer: 😅 should have been "not have" or "have no"
```suggestion
| Identify a category to filter nodes to be included in the report.
	If no categories match the entered string, the report will not have data.
```

> | Identify the category of data for this availability report. Standard values include: "Routers", "Switches", "Servers", "Production", "Test" and "Development".  Users can add custom categories. If no categories match the entered string, the report will have not data.

Author: ```suggestion
| Identify a category to filter nodes to be included in the report. 

If no categories match the entered string, the report will not have data.
```

[[avail-summary-report]]
= Availability Summary Report (Default Configuration for Past 7 Days)

== Report Contents

This report provides a summary of availability across one or more surveillance categories.
One page report with average, minimum and maximum values for the following availability data for the specified surveillance category over the specified date range:

* Number of Outages

> * Mean Time To Restore ("MTTR") (in hours)

Author: I think this might be better all caps at it is usually written as MTTR (I had to look it up).  Perhaps if we started with the abbreviation and put the spelled out version in parens it might look better?

> * Mean Time To Restore ("MTTR") (in hours)

Reviewer 2: Fine to keep the initial caps.

* Length of Time for Each Outage (in hours)
* Percent Outage (per unit in category)
* Percent Availability (per unit in category)
//QUESTION: Need to validate explanation of the last two

This report has a pie chart showing percent available time to outage time.
It can be customized with a company logo in the header that is approximately 195px by 50px.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Surveillance Category
| String
| Identify a category to filter nodes to be included in the report. 
If no categories match the entered string, the report will not have data.
| %
//COMMENT: This default should be changed to "Routers" like the default in the Availability report.
//COMMENT: Would it be possible to get the list of existing categories and put it into a dropdown?  That might also allow multiple categories to be selected

| Time Range in Days
| Integer
| The range in days from the Report Start Date.
| 7

| Start Date
| Date
| The starting date for the data contained in this report.

> | Today - 7 days

Author: ```suggestion
| Seven days before today's date
```

> = Availability Summary Report (Default Configuration for Past 7 Days)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Availability Summary Report
```
